[ML-OB] document submit_evaluation_for API in the Python SDK (#27075)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/llm_observability/submit_evaluations.md

## Submitting evaluations with the SDK

> The LLM Observability SDK provides the method `LLMObs.submit_evaluation_for()` and s `LLMObs.export_span()` to help your traced LLM application submit evaluations to LLM Observability. See [submitting evaluations][3] in the SDK documentation for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The LLM Observability SDK provides the methods `LLMObs.submit_evaluation_for()` and `LLMObs.export_span()` to help your traced LLM application submit evaluations to LLM Observability. See [submitting evaluations][3] in the SDK documentation for details.
```
